Add NCSA logo (#532)
RoadieHQ/marketing-site: docs/customer-logos.md

# Customer logos

> Permission must be obtiained from each customer before their logo is used on the website. It is standard language in our order form, but customers sometimes require edits or deletions are required. Be sure to check the final version of the signed order form before adding a customer logo to the website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Permission must be obtained from each customer before their logo is used on the website. It is standard language in our order form, but customers sometimes require edits or deletions are required. Be sure to check the final version of the signed order form before adding a customer logo to the website.
```

## Steps to add a logo

> 1. Source a high-quality version of the logo with a transparent background. Some companies have officual brand assets which must be used. Try seatching for "<customer logo> name brand" to find these.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Source a high-quality version of the logo with a transparent background. Some companies have official brand assets which must be used. Try searching for "<customer logo> name brand" to find these.
```
